Remove DDS instructions from install pages (#467)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/DDS-Implementations.rst

Install DDS implementations
===========================

> ROS 2 builds on top of DDS.

Reviewer: I would change this to be more inclusive (since we have non-DDS implementations available as well).  Something like:

```suggestion
By default, ROS 2 uses DDS as its [middleware](http://design.ros2.org/articles/ros_on_dds.html).
```

It is compatible with multiple DDS or RTPS (the DDS wire protocol) vendors.

> There is currently support for eProsima FastRTPS, ADLINK's OpenSplice, and RTI's Connext DDS.

Reviewer: There is also support for CycloneDDS.

The repositories you downloaded for ROS 2 includes eProsima's Fast RTPS, which is the only bundled vendor.

If you would like to use one of the other vendors you will need to install their software separately before building.
The ROS 2 build will automatically build support for vendors that have been installed and sourced correctly.

> By default we include eProsima's FastRTPS in the workspace; it is the default middleware.

Reviewer: I would just remove this line, it is redundant.

> Detailed instructions for installing other DDS vendors are provided below.

Reviewer: And I think this line should move up to be directly under the line that says "If you would like to use one of the other vendors..."

> If you would like to change which vendor is being used see: `Working with Multiple RMW Implementations </Tutorials/Working-with-multiple-RMW-implementations>`

Reviewer: This is confusing, coming hot on the heels of the previous sentences.  The paragraph above is saying that if you want to use one of the alternate vendors, you must install their middleware before compiling so that support for them is generated.  What this sentence is trying to say is that when you go to *run* your executable, you can choose which middleware vendor you use at runtime (assuming you built support for it up above).  I'm not quite sure how to untangle that, but I think this current structure is confusing.

Author: I see, I thought the linked page was some kind of follow-up to installing a new DDS vendor, like now that you've installed an additional vendor, here's how to use it. If that's the case then it could be
```suggestion
Once you've installed a new DDS vendor, you can change the vendor used at runtime: `Working with Multiple RMW Implementations </Tutorials/Working-with-multiple-RMW-implementations>`
```

Reviewer: Yeah, you have the idea exactly right.  Your update is better, but I still think it is confusing since this is the "Installing DDS implementations" section.  But I'll defer to your judgement.

Author: Maybe adding this line to the actual installation pages instead, like after line 75 in `Linux-Install-Binary.rst`, would make more sense

Reviewer: It's still a runtime thing, though, not an installation thing.  But since I don't have any better ideas, I think we should just leave this where it is, take your edit, and revisit it later if need be.
